magento/devdocs#: Add updateCartItems query API errors (#7340)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/graphql/mutations/update-cart-items.md

{% include graphql/cart-object.md %}

[Cart query output]({{page.baseurl}}/graphql/queries/cart.html#cart-output) provides more information about the `Cart` object.

## Errors

Error | Description
--- | ---
`Could not find cart item with id: XXX` | The specified `input`.`cart_items`.`cart_item_id` value does not exist in the `quote_item` database table.
`Could not find a cart with ID "XXX"` | The specified `cart_id` value does not exist in the `quote_id_mask` database table.
`Required parameter "cart_id" is missing.` | The value specified in the `cart_id` argument is empty.

> `Required parameter "cart_items" is missing.` | The `cart_items` argument is empty or its value specified as a none array value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Required parameter "cart_items" is missing.` | The `cart_items` argument is empty or its value specified as a non-array value.
```

Author: **fixed**

Thank you, @rogyar

> `Required parameter "quantity" for "cart_items" is missing.` | The required `input`.`cart_items`.`quantity` should be specified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`Required parameter "quantity" for "cart_items" is missing.` | The required `input`.`cart_items`.`quantity` argument must be specified.
```

Author: **fixed**

Thank you, @dmytro-ch
